todo.md, before:

# Before first draft release
- [ ] Try to do the same optimization for regular text lines as preformatted text lines to see if it resolves any performance problems
- [ ] Multiple forms on 1 page
- [ ] Basic form field validation from server in the form of a message
- [ ] Make requests (both read and form response) with a client certificate (but it has to be manually generated with openssl)
- [ ] Add an option to use a custom language preference list
- [ ] Submit to flathub

# Bugs
- [ ] Files with spaces in their names dont open (no such file or directory found) (I think it's because I am using the wrong method to get the file path from the file:// uri in the get_document_by_file function)
- [ ] A line beginning with xx??? still gets registered as a form field

# After first draft release
## Forms
- [ ] Secret string fields dont use the PasswordEntry widget
- [ ] Multiline string fields only work if you paste multi line text into them
- [ ] Optional boolean fields dont have a way to reset to undecided
- [ ] min and max properties dont work for date form fields
- [ ] Timeonly form fields behave weirdly with timezones
- [ ] Implement tel fields
- [ ] Implement list fields
- [ ] Do form fields properly
    Make a FormFieldExt trait, and make every type of form field a subclassed class of the FormField parent class (I dont speak OOP). Give them all a unified API, make it so that you can down/upcast them between FormField and the subclass, give them some common signals that can be used to store their value in the Window, give them a common constructor so that they're easy to make with just an ID and a field enum, give them some common properties for things like server form field validation.
- [ ] Proper server side form validation

## Other
- [ ] Use proper icons for admonitions

Commit message:

Started optimizing text lines by combining them into blocks, no formatting yet

todo.md, after:

# Before first draft release
- [ ] Try to do the same optimization for regular text lines as preformatted text lines to see if it resolves any performance problems
    - [X] Get some sort of formatting into a text block
    - [X] Find a good place to add the tags
    - [ ] Create a function to add the tags in the right locations
    - [ ] Remove the formatting characters
- [ ] Multiple forms on 1 page
- [ ] Basic form field validation from server in the form of a message
- [ ] Make requests (both read and form response) with a client certificate (but it has to be manually generated with openssl)
- [ ] Add an option to use a custom language preference list
- [ ] Submit to flathub

# Bugs
- [ ] Files with spaces in their names dont open (no such file or directory found) (I think it's because I am using the wrong method to get the file path from the file:// uri in the get_document_by_file function)
- [ ] A line beginning with xx??? still gets registered as a form field

# After first draft release
## Forms
- [ ] Secret string fields dont use the PasswordEntry widget
- [ ] Multiline string fields only work if you paste multi line text into them
- [ ] Optional boolean fields dont have a way to reset to undecided
- [ ] min and max properties dont work for date form fields
- [ ] Timeonly form fields behave weirdly with timezones
- [ ] Implement tel fields
- [ ] Implement list fields
- [ ] Do form fields properly
    Make a FormFieldExt trait, and make every type of form field a subclassed class of the FormField parent class (I dont speak OOP). Give them all a unified API, make it so that you can down/upcast them between FormField and the subclass, give them some common signals that can be used to store their value in the Window, give them a common constructor so that they're easy to make with just an ID and a field enum, give them some common properties for things like server form field validation.
- [ ] Proper server side form validation

## Other
- [ ] Use proper icons for admonitions
